Add information for CRI-O and containerd log parsing (#1441)
SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection: deploy/helm/sumologic/README.md

`fluent-bit.resources` | Resources for Fluent-bit daemonsets. | `{}`
`fluent-bit.enabled` | Flag to control deploying Fluent-bit Helm sub-chart. | `true`
`fluent-bit.config.service` | Configure Fluent-bit Helm sub-chart service. | [fluent-bit.config.service in values.yaml](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection/blob/v2.0.0/deploy/helm/sumologic/values.yaml#L817-L827)

> `fluent-bit.config.inputs` | Configure Fluent-bit Helm sub-chart inputs. Configuration for logs from different container runtimes describe in [Container log parsing](../../docs/ContainerLogs.md). | [fluent-bit.config.inputs in values.yaml](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection/blob/v2.0.0/deploy/helm/sumologic/values.yaml#L828-L895)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`fluent-bit.config.inputs` | Configure Fluent-bit Helm sub-chart inputs. Configuration for logs from different container runtimes is described in [Container log parsing](../../docs/ContainerLogs.md). | [fluent-bit.config.inputs in values.yaml](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection/blob/v2.0.0/deploy/helm/sumologic/values.yaml#L828-L895)
```
